Newton was an English physicist and mathematician. He was born in 1643 in Lincolnshire. He went to University of Cambridge in 1661. He was interested in mathematics, optics, physics and astronomy. He published The Optics in 1704. He was elected as member of the parliament in 1689 for University of Cambridge. He was elected president of the Royal Society in 1703. He was a difficult man and prone to depression. He died in 1727 in Westminster Abbey.

Van Gogh is great well-known painter. He was born in 1853. He worked in an international firm of art in 1869 in Hague. He got jobs in London and then Paris. He was not interested in them. He was dismissed from them In 1876. He became an artist In 1880. He met many artists in 1886. They include Theo, Degas, Toulouse-Lautrec, Pissarro and Gauguin. He painted a large number of self-portraits. He painted his famous series of Sunflowers In 1888. He threatened Gauguin with a razor In 1888. He suffered from mental problems. He spent time in psychiatric hospitals. He committed suicide in 1890.

George Washington was born in 1732 in Virginia. He became the surveyor of Culpeper County in 1749. He won a reputation for bravery during the French and Indian War. He married MarthaCustis in 1759. He consistently opposed the unfair British taxes. He became a leading Virginian figure supporting the colonial cause. He became commander of all colonial forces in 1775. The American victory under George Washington in Saratoga forced the French to ally with the Americans. He became leader of the Constitutional Convention in 1787. He became the first president of the United States in 1789. He was elected for a second term in 1792. He finally retired from public life in 1797. He died in Mount Vernon in 1799.

Abdul Kalam has come to personally represent to many of his countrymen the best aspects of Indian life. Born in 1931, the son of a little educated boatowner in Rameswaram, Tamilnadu, he had an unparalleled career as a defence scientist, culminating in the highest civilian award of India, the Bharat Ratna. He was chief of country defence research and development programme, Kalam demonstrated the great potential for dynamism and innovation that existed in seemingly moribund research establishments. This is the story of Kalam rise from obscurity and his personal and professional struggles, as well as the story of Agni, Prithvi, Akash, Trishul and Nag are missiles that have become household names in India and that have raised the nation to the level of a missile power of international recokoning. At the same time as he has helped create  awesome Indian weaponry, Kalam has maintained the ascetic rigour of his personal life, working 18 hours a day and practicing the veena. With characteristic modesty, Kalam ascribes the greatness of his achievement to the influence of his teachers and mentors. He describes the struggles of his boyhood and youth, bringing alive everyday life in a small town in South India and the inspirational role of educators. He describes the role of visionary Indian scientists, such as Dr Vikram Sarabhai, and of the creation of a coordinated network of research institutions. This is also the saga of independent Indian struggle for technological self sufficiency and defensive autonomy a story as much about politics, domestic and international, as it is about science. Dr Kalam is now Indian President. He was elected for the office by a huge majority in 2002.

Types of pollution are soil, Water, air. Water is harmful for aquatic life.
